224 The skeptic does not mean him who doubts, but him who investigates or researches, as opposed to him who asserts and thinks that he has found#Miguel de Unamuno
223 If anyone can show me, and prove to me, that I am wrong in thought or deed, I will gladly change. I seek the truth, which never yet hurt anybody. It is only persistence in self-delusion and ignorance which does harm#Marcus Aurelius
222 Doubt, skepticism, innovation, and inquiry are the only means by which wonder, beauty, awe, and symmetry will be discovered#Christopher Hitchens
221 The universe doesn't give a f*** about you. You're a speck in this shit#Shit my dad says
220 When men are most sure and arrogant they are commonly most mistaken, giving views to passion without that proper deliberation which alone can secure them from the grossest absurdities#David Hume
219 When you hear hoofbeats behind you, don't expect to see a zebra#Theodore E. Woodward
217 What can be asserted without proof can be dismissed without proof#Christopher Hitchens
216 Skeptics...pfft! They only believe in science#Anonymous DragonCon Loser
215 You look at science (or at least talk of it) as some sort of demoralizing invention of man, something apart from real life, and which must be cautiously guarded and kept separate from everyday existence. But science and everyday life cannot and should not be separated. Science, for me, gives a partial explanation for life. In so far as it goes, it is based on fact, experience and experiment#Rosalind Franklin
214 In questions of science, the authority of a thousand is not worth the humble reasoning of a single individual#Galileo Galilei
213 There is no other species on Earth that does science. It is, so far, entirely a human invention, evolved by natural selection in the cerebral cortex for one simple reason: it works. It is not perfect. It can be misused. It is only a tool. But it is by far the best tool we have, self-correcting, ongoing, applicable to everything#Carl Sagan
212 Creationists make it sound as though a 'theory' is something you dreamt up after being drunk all night#Isaac Asimov
211 Your victim was smothered. That's not opinion. That's science and science is one cold-hearted bitch with a 14-inch strap-on#From Dexter Season 3 Ep5
209 Ignorance is preferable to error; and he is less remote from the truth who believes nothing, than he who believes what is wrong#Thomas Jefferson
208 We can forgive children who are afraid of the dark. The real tragedy is men who are afraid of the light#Plato
207 Even if you can't imagine the explanation, Sister, remember there are things beyond your knowledge. Even if you feel certainty, it is an emotion, not a fact#Father Flynn from the movie and screenplay "Doubt" written by John Patrick Shanley.  
202 Some people try to tell me that science will never answer the big questions we have in life. To them I say: baloney! The real problem is your questions aren’t big enough#Phil Plait
200 Science is simply common sense at its best that is, rigidly accurate in observation, and merciless to fallacy in logic#Thomas Henry Huxley
199 Do not believe in anything simply because you have heard it. Do not believe in anything simply because it is spoken and rumored by many. Do not believe in anything simply because it is found written in your religious books. Do not believe in anything merely on the authority of your teachers and elders. Do not believe in traditions because they have been handed down for many generations. But after observation and analysis, when you find that anything agrees with reason and is conducive to the good and benefit of one and all, then accept it and live up to it#Buddha
198 Question with boldness even the existence of God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason than that of blindfolded fear#Thomas Jefferson
197 Every man has a right to his opinion, but no man has a right to be wrong in his facts#Bernard Baruch
196 There is something fascinating about science. One gets such wholesale returns of conjecture out of such a trifling investment of fact#Mark Twain
195 When men are most sure and arrogant they are commonly most mistaken, giving views to passion without that proper deliberation which alone can secure them from the grossest absurdities#David Hume
194 Reserve your right to think, for even to think wrongly is better than not to think at all and "To teach superstitions as truth is a most terrible thing#Hypatia of Alexandria
193 I know not any crime so great that a man could contrive to commit as poisoning the sources of eternal truth#Samuel Johnson
192 She believed in nothing; only her skepticism kept her from being an atheist#Jean Paul Sartre
191 The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand#Frank Herbert, author of the Dune series
190 Everything has a natural explanation. The moon is not a god but a great rock and the sun a hot rock#Anaxagoras, ca. 475 BC
189 I bought a doughnut and they gave me a receipt for the doughtnut... I don't need a receipt for the doughnut. I give you money and you give me the doughnut, end of transaction. We don't need to bring ink and paper into this. I can't imagine a scenario that I would have to prove that I bought a doughnut. To some skeptical friend, 'Don't even act like I didn't get that doughnut, I've got the documentation right here... It's in my file at home. ...Under "D"#Mitch Hedberg
188 Long experience has taught me this about the status of mankind with regard to matters requiring thought: the less people know and understand about them, the more positively they attempt to argue concerning them, while on the other hand to know and understand a multitude of things renders men cautious in passing judgment upon anything new#Galileo
187 The scientific tradition is distinguished from the pre-scientific tradition in having two layers. Like the latter, it passes on its theories; but it also passes on a critical attitude towards them. The theories are passed on, not as dogmas, but rather with the challenge to discuss them and improve upon them#Karl Popper:
186 I am not ashamed to confess that I am ignorant of what I do not know#Marcus Tullius Cicero
185 I am not ashamed to confess that I am ignorant of what I do not know#Marcus Tullius Cicero
184 Truth, sir, is a cow that will yield such people no more milk, and so they are gone to milk the bull#Samuel Johnson
183 I'm very scared to do it. What if I don't come back? With the whole light-years thing, what if I come back 10,000 years later, and everyone I know is dead? I'll be like, 'Great. Now I have to start all over#Paris Hilton<br><br> "The scientific tradition is distinguished from the pre-scientific tradition in having two layers. Like the latter, it passes on its theories; but it also passes on a critical attitude towards them. The theories are passed on, not as dogmas, but rather with the challenge to discuss them and improve upon them#Karl Popper
182 No, our science is no illusion. But an illusion it would be to suppose that what science cannot give us we can get elsewhere#Sigmund Freud
181 You see, I can live with doubt, and uncertainty, and not knowing. I think it's much more interesting to live not knowing, than to have answers that might be wrong. I have approximate answers, and possible beliefs, and different degrees of certainty about different things, but I'm not absolutely sure about anything, and many things I don't know anything about, such as whether it means anything to ask, "why are we here?"... But I don't have to have an answer; I don't feel frightened by not knowing things#Richard Feynman
178 When the facts change, I change my mind. What do you do, sir?#John Maynard Keynes
177 Get the facts, or the facts will get you. And when you get them, get them right, or they will get you wrong#Dr. Thomas Fuller
176 Instead of calling it worthless Chinese energy piece of crap, I'm gonna keep it simple and call it chi. Live with it#Mark Crislip
175 Whatever people in general do not understand, they are always prepared to dislike; the incomprehensible is always the obnoxious#Letitia E. Landon
174 I feel no need for any other faith than my faith in the kindness of human beings. I am so absorbed in the wonder of earth and the life upon it that I cannot think of heaven and angels#Pearl S. Buck
173 Man is a credulous animal, and must believe something; in the absence of good grounds for belief, he will be satisfied with bad ones#Bertrand Russell
172 A certain portion of the human race has certainly a taste for being diddled#Thomas Hood
171 We need science, more and better science, not for its technology, not for leisure, not even for health or longevity, but for the hope of wisdom which our kind of culture must acquire for its survival#Dr. Lewis Thomas
170 The scientist does not study nature because it is useful; he studies it because he delights in it, and he delights in it because it is beautiful#Henri Poincaré
168 The scientist does not study nature because it is useful; he studies it because he delights in it, and he delights in it because it is beautiful#Henri Poincaré
167 The universe that we observe has precisely the properties we should expect if there is, at bottom, no design, no purpose, no evil, no good, nothing but pitiless indifference#Charles Darwin
166 I think the popular view of Science is a solid body of truth, shared by a whole lot of learned men in a room, all agreeing on the answers to the questions of how the Universe works. Whereas nothing could be further from the truth !!! The one truth that I see emerging from the History of Science is that experiment has always surprised theorists. Einstein included!#Dr. Brian May
165 When men are most sure and arrogant they are commonly most mistaken, giving views to passion without that proper deliberation which alone can secure them from the grossest absurdities#David Hume
164 The wise skeptic does not teach doubt but how to look for the permanent in the mutable and fleeting#Ralph Waldo Emerson
161 To defy the authority of empirical evidence is to disqualify oneself as someone worthy of critical engagement in a dialogue#The 14th Dalai Lama 
160 We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light#Plato 
159 Science is the poetry of reality#Richard Dawkins
157 We despise all reverences and all the objects of reverence which are outside the pale of our own list of sacred things. And yet, with strange inconsistency, we are shocked when other people despise and defile the things which are holy to us#Mark Twain
156 If you believe everything you read, you better not read#Japanese Proverb 
154 I can't believe it. Maybe there is a God after all. Herbal supplement sales only grew 1 percent last year. The years before, it was 17 percent, 12 percent, 18 percent#Dr. Dean Edell
152 Skeptical scrutiny is the means in both Science and Religion by which deep thoughts can be winnowed from deep nonsense#Dr. Carl Sagan
151 If I am fool, it is, at least, a doubting one; and I envy no one the certainty of his self-approved wisdom#Lord Byron
150 A popular feel for scientific endeavors should, if possible, be restored given the needs of the twenty-first century. This does not mean that every literature major should take a watered-down physics course or that a corporate lawyer should stay abreast of quantum mechanics. Rather, it means that an appreciation for the methods of science is a useful asset for a responsible citizenry. What science teaches us, very significantly, is the correlation between factual evidence and general theories, something well illustrated in Einstein's life#Walter Isaacson
149 The high-minded man must care more for the truth than for what people think#Aristotle
148 Man masters nature not by force but by understanding. That is why science has succeeded where magic failed: because it has looked for no spell to cast on nature#Jacob Bronowski
147 I love agitation and investigation and glory in defending unpopular truth against popular error#James Garfield
146 It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data. Insensibly one begins to twist facts to suit theories, instead of theories to suit facts#Sherlock Holmes  (Sir Arthur Conan Doyle)
145 Everyone takes the limits of his own vision for the limits of the world#Arthur Schopenhauer
144 It is unwise to be too sure of one's own wisdom. It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err#Mahatma Gandhi
143 There is no absolute knowledge. And those who claim it, whether they are scientists or dogmatists, open the door to tragedy. All information is imperfect. We have to treat it with humility#Jacob Bronowski
142 De omnibus dubitandum#All is to be doubted.Rene Descartes
139 Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic#Arthur C. Clarke
138 When a man finds a conclusion agreeable, he accepts it without argument, but when he finds it disagreeable, he will bring against it all the forces of logic and reason#Thucydides
136 Humanity has the stars in its future, and that future is too important to be lost under the burden of juvenile folly and ignorant superstition#Isaac Asimov (originally misattributed to James Randi)
135 I like to think that the moon is there even if I am not looking at it#Albert Einstein
134 For it is the natural tendency of the ignorant to believe what is not true. In order to overcome that tendency it is not sufficient to exhibit the true; it is also necessary to expose and denounce the false#HL Menken.
133 Why are things as they are and not otherwise?#Johannes Kepler (1571-1630) German astronomer
132 An experiment is a question which science poses to Nature, and a measurement is the recording of Nature's answer#Max Planck
130 I am among those who think that science has great beauty. A scientist in his laboratory is not only a technician: he is also a child placed before natural phenomena which impress him like a fairy tale#Marie Curie
129 If you would be a real seeker after truth it is necessary that at least once in your life you doubt, as far as possible, all things#Rene Descartes
128 A ghost is someone who hasn't made it - in other words, who died, and they don't know they're dead. So they keep walking around and thinking that you're inhabiting their - let's say, their domain.  So they're aggravated with you.""A spirit is, like, your mother, my dad, who've made it. They can come around, but they come around in a loving way because they've already made it to God. Most people make it." "Animal totems, like the tiger, come from the Other Side to protect us while we are away from Home." "Let me assure you that all of our pets, and animals of every kind will be with us for eternity on the Other Side." "The more painful it is, tragically, the more you do learn, though, that's the good part." "The weeds keep multiplying in our garden, which is our mind ruled by fear. Rip them out and call them by name." "What age is the spirit?"Thirty.  All thirty. When I found this out, I said, Why 30? Why not 40? Why not 50? Why not 12?  It just happens to be 30#Sylvia Browne
126 A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer#Bruce Lee
125 The most common of all follies is to believe passionately in the palpably not true. It is the chief occupation of mankind#HL Mencken
124 No amount of experiments can ever prove me right; a single experiment may at anytime prove me wrong#Albert Einstein
123 The effort to understand the universe is one of the very few things that lifts human life a little above the level of farce, and gives it some of the grace of tragedy#Steven Weinberg
122 The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge#Stephen Hawking
121 Those afraid of the universe as it really is, those who pretend to nonexistent knowledge and envision a Cosmos centered on human beings will prefer the fleeting comforts of superstition#Carl Sagan
120 Equipped with his five senses, man explores the universe around him and calls the adventure Science#Edwin Hubble
119 Offense is what people take when they can't take argument#Richard Dawkins
117 There is a theory which states that if ever anybody discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened#Douglas Adams
116 Those who believe in telekinetics, raise my hand#Kurt Vonnegut, US novelist (1922 - 2007)
115 It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it#Aristotle 384 BC- 322 BC
113 I do not know what I may appear to the world, but to myself I seem to have been only a boy playing on the sea-shore, and diverting myself in now and then finding a smoother pebble or a prettier shell than ordinary, whilst the great ocean of truth lay all undiscovered before me#Isaac Newton 
112 I maintain there is much more wonder in science than in pseudoscience. And in addition, to whatever measure this term has any meaning, science has the additional virtue, and it is not an inconsiderable one, of being true#Carl Sagan
111 There is joy in rationality, happiness in clarity of mind. Freethought is thrilling and fulfilling -absolutely essential to mental health and happiness#Dan Barker
110 Thinking critically is a chore. It does not come naturally or easily. And if the fruits of such efforts are not carefully displayed to young minds, then they will not harvest them. Every school child must be implanted with the wonder of the atom, not the thrall of magic#Perry DeAngelis, 1963-2007, a skeptical philosopher and activist, and a good friend, of some considerable note.
107 To believe with certainty we must begin with doubting#Stanislaus I (1677-1766) a Polish king
106 Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death#Albert Einstein (1875 - 1955) A physicist "of some note."
105 Nothing in all the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity#Martin Luther King
103 There is not sufficient love and goodness in the world to permit us to give some of it away to imaginary beings#Nietzsche, a philosopher of some note.
102 The primary tool of science is skepticism, whose light shrivels unquestioning faith#Mike Huben quotes currently living , an American educator of some note.
100 The amount of years that she will live longer than us because of the diet is directly proportional to the horror of her life#Perry John DeAngelis commenting on Rebecca Watson's vegetarian diet
99 Education has failed in a very serious way to convey the most important lesson science can teach: skepticism#David Suzuki   (Canadian environmentalist, scientist and broadcaster b.1936)
98 Skepticism, like chastity, should not be relinquished too readily#George Santayana (Spanish born American Philosopher, Poet and Humanist  1863-1952)
97 What is wrong with priests and popes is that instead of being apostles and saints, they are nothing but empirics who say 'I know' instead of 'I am learning,' and pray for credulity and inertia as wise men pray for skepticism and activity#George Bernard Shaw 1856-1950, Irish-born British Dramatist
96 The natural cause of the human mind is certainly from credulity to skepticism#Thomas Jefferson 17431826, American Politician
95 Great intellects are skeptical#Friedrich Nietzsche 1844-1900, German Philosopher
94 The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious...the fundamental emotion which stands at the cradle of true art and true science#Albert Einstein
93 Science . . . looks skeptically at all claims to knowledge, old and new. It teaches not blind obedience to those in authority but to vigorous debate, and in many respects that's the secret of its success#Carl Sagan
92 Death is an engineering problem#Bart Kosko (Fuzzy Thinking: The New Science of Fuzzy Logic, 1994
91 Facts are stubborn things; and whatever may be our wishes, our inclinations, or the dictates of our passions, they cannot alter the state of facts and evidence#John Adams
90 De omnibus dubitandum.All is to be doubted#Rene Descartes
89 If fifty million people say a foolish thing, it's still a foolish thing#Anatole France(1844-1924) French writer
88 Believe those who are seeking the truth; doubt those who find it#Andre Gide, French author and critic (1869-1951).
87 I am tired of all this sort of thing called science here... We have spent millions in that sort of thing for the last few years, and it is time it should be stopped#Simon Cameron, U.S. Senator, 1901
86 The deepest sin against the human mind is to believe things without evidence#Thomas H. Huxley
85 The deepest sin against the human mind is to believe things without evidence#Thomas H. Huxley
84 If you haven't found something strange during the day, it hasn't been much of a day#J. A. Wheeler
83 Aquarius is a miscellaneous set of stars all at different distances from us, which have no connection with each other except that they constitute a (meaningless) pattern when seen from a certain (not particularly special) place in the galaxy (here)#Richard Dawkins
82 I believe in evidence. I believe in observation, measurement, and reasoning, confirmed by independent observers. I'll believe anything, no matter how wild and ridiculous, if there is evidence for it. The wilder and more ridiculous something is, however, the firmer and more solid the evidence will have to be#Issac Asimov, his reply to the question "Don't you believe in anything?"
80 I am not a fan of Sigmund Freud because his theories are not testicle#Richard Wiseman
79 I would rather have a mind opened by wonder than one closed by belief#Gerry Spence, lawyerHow to Argue and Win Every Time, 1995
78 Facts are stubborn things; and whatever may be our wishes, our inclinations, or the dictates of our passions, they cannot alter the state of facts and evidence#John Adams
77 The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds the most discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' but 'That's funny#Isaac Asimov
76 The fact that a believer is happier than a sceptic is no more to the point than the fact that a drunken man is happier than a sober one. The happiness of credulity is a cheap and dangerous quality#George Bernard Shaw
74 The method of science, as stodgy and grumpy as it may seem, is far more important than the findings of science#Carl Sagan, The Demon Haunted World
74 In science it often happens that scientists say, 'You know that's a really good argument; my position is mistaken,' and then they would actually change their minds and you never hear that old view from them again. They really do it. It doesn't happen as often as it should, because scientists are human and change is sometimes painful. But it happens every day. I cannot recall the last time something like that happened in politics or religion#Carl Sagan
73 Coincidence is the science of the true believer#Chet Raymo
72 What we observe is not nature itself, but nature exposed to our method of questioning#Werner Heisenberg
71 What is wanted is not the will to believe, but the wish to find out, which is the exact opposite#Bertrand Russell
70 A Hubble Space Telescope photograph of the universe evokes far more awe for creation than light streaming through a stained glass window in a cathedral#Michael Shermer
69 I viewed my fellow man not as a fallen angel, but as a risen ape#Desmond Morris
68 For small creatures such as we the vastness is bearable only through love#Carl Sagan
67 The least questioned assumptions are often the most questionable#Paul Broca
66 Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities#Voltaire
65 If I was a religious person, I would consider creationism nothing less than blasphemy. Do its adherents imagine that God is a cosmic hoaxer who has created that whole vast fossil record for the sole purpose of misleading mankind?#Arthur C. Clarke
64 Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known#Carl Sagan
63 Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities#Voltaire
62 Pseudoscience is like a virus. At low levels, it's no big deal, but when it reaches a certain threshold it becomes sickening#Phil Plait, The Bad Astronomer
61 Science is best defined as a careful, disciplined, logical search for knowledge about any and all aspects of the universe, obtained by examination of the best available evidence and always subject to correction and improvement upon discovery of better evidence.  What's left is magic. And it doesn't work#James Randi
60 Science, the only true magic#Dexter from Dexter's Laboratoryand
60 It's curious, isn't it, that with low-grade, chronic conditions (back pain, seasonal affective disorder, what have you) people are eager to try alternative hocus-pocus.  But bring on something virulent, acute, and truly terrifying, then, brother, bring on Western medicine!  Nothing like your eyeballs leaking blood to put things in perspective, hey?#We on Skeptic 6Feb01